# Overcast
> 11:30pm - October 2, 2024

On my way back home this afternoon I saw the sky for the first time in days. The weather in Annapolis has been dreary -to say the least- due to the hurricane that came through last week. Nothing crazy over here just 24hr light rain and overcast. The rays from the sun are dampened by the clouds but light still makes its way through here and there. The weather seems to mirror my mind in the weeks since we parted.

SSRI's are known serotonin boosters (what I refer to as 'happy pills') and along side that I take an additional dose of an SDRI, the dopamine equivalent. Most of the time my mood is pleasant with these medications and I can see the upside to things. Good days turn into great days, dreary days turn into stable ones, and horrible days turn mediocre at best. So two weeks ago I felt alright. The shock had not yet set in that I was not with you anymore and I was able to go about my day-to-day life accepting what had happened that Monday evening. That day was tough. I dreaded our conversation the entire weekend leading up to it and delivering it was even more painful. But after I cried a bit I was alright. I left your apartment knowing what I had done was right and that someday I would feel better about what I had just experienced. A life lesson if you will. I let the medication dumb my feelings to get through the days... or at least I believe I may have.

It was not until a few days ago that I even thought about contacting you again. October 1st was rolling around so that meant your birthday was mere inches away. I remember thinking about what I would do for you on this day. Take you out, get some drinks, treat you, buy you something sweet, go on a walk and maybe even enjoy the sunset if the overcast decided to disperse. I wanted you to have a day where you could forget about the stress of your life, the nervous anticipation of what is yet to come, and the chaos of this world. You deserve to be loved and celebrated on a day like October 4th. If you ever end up seeing this, it is likely that day.

This summer I had planned to mail you a letter to show you a pinch of my compassion. Times had been tough during the dog days so I wanted to make you feel special. FaceTime and texting can only go so far. I never got to it. I would make the excuse that my life was too busy but that would be inaccurate. I had plenty of time to send you that letter and one day in the middle of July, I sat down to write it. But as my fingers tapped the keys, and as the words began to shape on the LED screen, it felt rushed. It felt like I had to _try_ and force myself to write this letter. That should not be the case. I should _want_ to write you the letter, it's what you deserved, but honestly I didn't want to. It did not feel right. The words I wrote felt half-sincere as if it were a thank you card that you only signed because your mom told you to. I felt strange. You were my lady, my shining star -- why wouldn't I feel inspired to write something on a page to make you feel a little more loved? Because I didn't feel the electricity anymore...

We rely on feelings of motivation in order to begin a task but that only gets us so far. I feel that love is the same. At first, during the "honeymoon phase" it is easy to put the other person first. Hell, I _only_ wanted to be with you during that time. I even left spring break early so I could see your face and hold your hand. After the motivation fades it takes discipline to carry on, I believe love follows this pattern. Romantic nights turn into normal nights with a few spicy moments thrown into the mix. Time together went from a special privilege to an everyday norm. I take the blame for this. You had told me many-a-time you wanted to do new, exciting things with me. All I ever wanted to do was watch TV, relax, code, or have sex. Deep conversations only came when we were intoxicated. Wine nights never quite matched the bathtub event after you returned from abroad. I keep asking myself, could I have done something about it?

. . .

I returned home at around 10:30pm today. It was pleasant, abused my work-from-home freedom to visit friends and colleagues I had not seen in months. Most of the day was filled with conversation and it was much more rewarding than sitting at home programming on and off for 8 hours. But a thought ran through my head again, over and over like a broken record - or maybe it's more similar to a song I recently found that I just can't stop playing. **Did we make the right call?** I keep explaining to people "It is as simple as she's Jewish, I'm Christian," or "We were politically separated," and even "Life brought us to divergent paths." All of which are true but they felt more like excuses than reasons. These are very adult problems and we are right to discuss them, decide if this means we should part, and go from there. These debates between us kept coming up, which as you pointed out: meant they weren't getting solved. Better to split a year-and-a-half in than when we are married with kids.

Justification after justification I give to people and yet at the end I say, "But she's an amazing person, we had a fantastic time together, and _I still love her_." Do you think we choose the people we love? I suppose you can't answer that to my face due to the medium here but do you? Do you believe in soulmates? Fate? Destiny? If it wasn't for those 3 excuses I would still be with you, holding you, smashing face with you...? I can't let go.

. . .

Tonight was the first night since we parted I decided to look back on our time. Scrolling through our photos from way back. My formal event, our visit to NYC, even a photo or two from your Tinder profile. Tonight was the first night since we divided that I cried. The medication let sunbeams leak through the clouds and I was able to let some of this pain out. Afterward I tried to go to bed. Immediately, I thought of your birthday. By this hour it is now only 24 hours away (I just crossed midnight while writing). I thought of leaving an envelope in the mail with the $25 we found walking the streets of DC. I thought about giving you flowers on your doorstep without my name on the tag. I thought of texting you "Happy Birthday!" with a message wishing you the best. And then I realized how awake I was. I could not rest without you on my side, even if you would be pushed off the bed eventually. Sleep was not near and so came the birth of this.

I finally had reason to write. Emotion and truth fell from my heart onto the screen like a waterfall and you ~were~ _are_ the only thing on my mind. The best songs, plays, movies, and stories all come from a place of deep emotion. Feelings. Feelings of inspiration or desperation I cannot decide. I feel weak and vulnerable. I pray for guidance and strength and yet- I question myself.

Psycho is the song that was playing when we first kissed. Electricity flashed through my veins and pierced my heart. You were the _one_. You should have been. I feel so conflicted it's making me psycho, and yet the outside world sees stability from me. You saw me for who I was. Always did.

Maybe it was too easy to split. Why did it feel so smooth and yet it cuts so deep. Ultimately did our differences matter enough to separate true love? God only knows.

. . .

Tonight the sky ended with overcast. I miss the clear sky. Seeing the stars - even through light pollution - is still peering into our beautiful universe. Grass doesn't feel the same when I lie on it to admire the darkened heavens. Tears flow down my cheeks as they did that day when we looked up to the stars. That was the end of our "honeymoon phase." That night is the night I pinpoint it to. Creativity lost, miles of separation between us, and when you came back we felt no closer. And yet I still look at the shimmering lights of the sky remembering that we once did together. And that memory will be kept in my heart as long as I live.